welcome to lobster's list for July 26
number one dwarf Corp is both real-time
strategy game and a comedic economy sim
that draws inspiration from games like
door fortress and roller coaster tycoon
magic company's expedition in
establishing a colony and extracting
resources from the land while facing
dangers such as goblins mole men and the
risk of unhappy dwarves going on strike
a hot air balloon on a time schedule
exchanges goods back and forth between
the dorvan homeland and the colony if
you achieve quotas such as mining enough
gold for a period your stock price rises
missing too many quotas can cause a game
over the developers want to release the
game for PC first and if it reaches
stretch goals it could eventually be
ported to Mac and Linux you can pre or
the game get your name in the credits
and get beta access at a limited
availability $8 tier late backers can
still pre or the game at a ten dollar
tier and twenty dollar backers
additionally get access to a playable
pre alpha before the campaign is even
ended plus a download of the soundtrack
I've been following this game through
its screenshot Saturday posts since June
and according to the counter on my
profile page this is the 600 project
I've backed through Kickstarter number 2
candle is a side-scrolling adventure
game starring a character with a candle
for a head fire will be part of solving
puzzles and the protagonist must be
careful to avoid the flame being
extinguished the strong art style uses a
hand-drawn look combined with dynamic
lighting there are some $10 early bird
tears with a fifteen dollar tier after
that to pre-order the game for PC its
pitch video was very effective for being
just four minutes in length
number three chroma squad is an RPG
about managing the television studios
production of a sentai series Santa as a
superhero show genre in Japan with North
Americans being familiar with the
example of Power Rangers that used
imported sentai footage spliced with new
footage that had American actors engage
in strategic turn-based combat straight
episodes and managed behind-the-scenes
aspects of the studio like marketing
campaigns and hiring actors it supports
PC Mac and Linux with the pre-order of
the game at the 15-dollar tier iOS
Android and PlayStation Network may also
get support this from the people that
worked on the game knights of pen and
paper
number four Tom vs. the armies of hell
is a mix of comedic adventure game an
isometric shooter plays an office worker
who has had an arm replaced with a
demonic one and let's deal with his
workplace having been relocated to a
hostile dimension he is also armed with
a prototype weapon that can fire a
variety of attacks with ratchet and
clank series being one of this game's
main inspirations target platforms are
PC and Mac with linux and console
versions as possibilities later
contributing $15 can get you appear over
the game
number five ballroom is a fantasy RPG
with crafting and construction systems
players are able to build a house and
run their own farm no world facing the
threat of an undead horde non-player
characters will visit your house to
offer quests while entering combat the
game pay becomes turn-based but when
rocking around the game it is in real
time you can prefer pc mac and linux at
a twenty-dollar tear this game looks be
well thought out and there are a lot of
systems to read about on the project
page like a wound system or the chance
of forest fires
now on to honorable mentions space shock
is an RPG with turn-based combat and is
using the Unreal Engine is compared to
the first person view dungeon crawlers
like legend of grimrock but with the
sci-fi setting there are five classes of
characters planned and there will also
be the option to play a version of the
game from an overhead view that makes it
more like a tactics game backers form
access and a cup the game for pc is at a
15-pound here graphically the game
already looks great for a prototype but
with a large goal of 150,000 pounds is
going to need a lot of backers to cover
that amount
sojourn is a roguelike RPG project with
the 5,000 pound goal and the playable
demo to download portions of dungeons
are procedurally generated for increased
replay value while some important
portions are pre-made the developer also
wants to implement strong modding
support ten-pound backers can pre-order
the game for PC with beta access
spacecraft galaxies is a sandbox style
space game for PC where you can heavily
customize your ship's design as its main
selling point the universe is
procedurally generated ships are
composed of parts like engines fuel
tanks and weapons an interesting part of
its pitch video describes its blueprint
system for people to share their
creations in more interesting is the
application of parts that serve as
switches with an example of a switch
activating a laser aimed at the fuel
tank to explode it a copy of the game is
at the ten-dollar tier
King craft for PC Mac the Knicks and
potentially mobile devices is a
real-time twist otherwise traditionally
a turn-based combat system is influenced
by final fantasy tactics but uses a
cool-down like system to make the
battles more real-time there's a
playable demo out for both PC and Linux
with a pre-order able to be made a
ten-dollar dear
legends of firestorm is an online
browser-based hack and slash game with
good use of soft colors in the visuals
and strong looking combat players can
chain together combos with healer dps
and tank character classes is using a
free-to-play business model and at a
13-pound contribution you can get 200
units of in-game currency and a chance
to play the beta the developers talk
about how they wish to prevent pay2win
situations and the reasons they decided
to not implement an auction house
insignificant for PC Mac and Linux is an
open-world RPG with players experiencing
what is like to be a small two inch tall
person in the back yard the tin foil
armor and using items like Forks as
weapons are good touches but the normal
size looking grass textures broke the
immersion for me pre-orders or twenty
dollars on this project
last jungle in Sector 17 is an open
world to the space shooter for pc and
mac with a ten dollar priority and
includes your name in the credits
players will have to defend space
stations which can have defensive turds
placed on them there is a demo which is
linked to from the project page so you
can feel what the combat is like this
project has a relatively small $5,000
goal and if it reaches stretch goals and
co-op and versus multiplayer modes will
be added
thank you for watching and I hope this
helps those projects